[Music]
hey guys and welcome back to toy review
TV for another awesome Ben 10 omniverse
action figure review and this time we
have the wave 2 action figures I will be
reviewing all four of these newly
released action figures if you do want
to see the first wave which were blocks
gravitas shocksquatch feedback for hours
Ben etc I have done it reviews on all of
these so please check out my channel to
see those but this is the new wave below
and I do I'm all four of these but this
one is a jury-rigged this is one awesome
looking minifigure a very impressive
indeed does come in the exact same
packaging that has a wave one with the
plastic and blister packaging there that
you can see sorry we do have the tail
piece at the bottom there as well - it's
a sh t giri and of course we have the
Omnitrix Challenge game minifigure as
well with this I lock aside the
packaging is exactly the same but you do
get the addition of the waves two
figures at the bottom so without further
delay guys let's open this up and take a
look so now with Julie Riga freshly you
removed from these packaging we will
take a look first at the Omnitrix
challenge minifigure and that is what
this looks like he is solid red
that's about looking a little figure and
on to the main attraction which is the
action figure this is definitely one of
my favorite figures from the Ben 10 line
I would say not the favorite both one of
the nice looking ones lots of detail on
this figure some great green eyes at the
front there of the red face and this big
long nose sticking out and he's goggles
and his hat on as well with the straps
hanging down the side and he's bigger
red pointy ears sticking out from the
side of his head this head looks
fantastic it's a great shape and it is
articulated so you can move the head
left to right
and on to the arms up the shoulder you
can move this and then after the elbow
you can also move the arm as well and
they are quite long these arms they do
stick out quite far in comparison to the
body and both arms will move in exactly
the same way at the shoulder and at the
elbow joints and going down we have the
Omnitrix symbol there and he has a black
costume on and we have these green pads
there to just below the knee areas and
he's a red feet which are quite long and
there is the tail which comes separate
with the point on the answer is
definitely a little devil and the tail
will come out and all you have to do
when you take him out the packaging is
pop that in the back they're very easy
to do and there is the rear of this
figure so yeah lots of detail on this
figure guys does look at very very nice
it is a little difficult to get him to
stand up as you can see there he will
topple over but what I said today we've
put the arms out and it will make him
stand better as if you have more weight
to the front
he won't topple over so easily but yeah
there you go go - there is your
jury-rigged figure from the Ben 10
omniverse toy line I do think this is
definitely one of the things better
figures from the Ben 10 line please let
me know what you think of this figure do
you like it is it one of your favorites
and even if you don't like it please let
me know in the comments box below and
just before I go I will say this figure
will cost you between five pounds nine
to nine and six pounds ninety-nine
depending on where you shop here in the
UK well thanks for tuning in to this
review guys please stay tuned for more
Ben 10 omniverse reviews as I do have
the other three figures to review and
also please check out my channel for
more Ben 10 omniverse reviews as there
are lots there to look at catch you next
time goes here on toe review TV for more
awesome tour reviews